( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
No one followed you, right?
What's wrong
with you?
I'm fine.
Listen to me.
Xu Xing found out about us.
He wants to kill me.
Kill you?
Someone
used Li Xiaoru to kill Lin Ran,
then forced me to kill Li Xiaoru,
and now has sent Xu Xing to kill me.
I just realized it now.
He's forcing the four of us to kill each other.
What are you talking about?
Who is that person?
I'm not sure yet.
I just feel
it might be my college classmate.
I'll explain it to you later.
The most important thing right now is
that Xu Xing might kill you.
Even if he doesn't do it,
he will divorce you
and find a way to make you leave with nothing.
Before Xu Xing makes a move on you,
we need to come up with a plan.
Don't worry.
In this card game,
the order
and method of their deaths
match the case exactly.
A week ago,
the four of them agreed to play a murder mystery game.
After that,
Li Xiaoru went to Lin Ran's house
and killed him.
I'm out,
falling to my death.
Then,
Li Xiaoru received a mysterious text message.
Foreshadowing her death.
I'm out.
Drowned.
According to the next development of the game script,
if nothing unexpected happens,
then
I should be tortured and killed now.
Tortured and killed.
You lost.
No.
At the beginning of the game,
I gave you the witch's poison.
But you don't seem to have looked for an antidote.
So you should also issue a death card.
Poisoning.
We all lost.
The true core of this game
is to find the possessed monster.
But when we were playing,
we all seemed to ignore this.
So the real winner of this round is him,
the mysterious person who sent the texts.
Elaborate on that.
I guess
this killer might not necessarily kill in person.
But
he must know these four people very well.
Wants to use the chaotic relationships between the four of them
to make them kill each other,
and then reap the benefits.
Lin Ran died from a fall.
Li Xiaoru drowned.
But Zhao Wenbing didn't.
He is currently
on the run.
Hello?
Oh.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
The cybersecurity colleagues just found out
that when Zhao Wenbing was escaping,
he received a mysterious phone call
telling Zhao Wenbing
to change cars to escape.
Then that makes sense.
That monster
wants to torture Zhao Wenbing a little longer.
Wants to let Xu Xing
fight with him a bit more.
Did Xu Xing want to kill Zhao Wenbing?
We need to have a good talk with him.
Officers,
I've told you everything.
Instead of investigating the killer,
you come harass me every day.
Be careful, I'll complain about you.
Zhao Wenbing had a car accident.
Someone tampered with his car.
Does it have nothing to do with you?
What does it have to do with me?
He's the legal director of my company.
Do you think I'd kill him?
There's one thing I want to tell you.
Before the accident of those three,
they all received a text message.
The content of the text message
was the advertisement for the LARP game you played.
That's your business.
It has nothing to do with me.
Indeed.
Then I was wondering,
the next person to receive the text message,
could it be you?
I have dozens of bodyguards.
Even if the King of Hell comes,
I can twist his head off.
Do you believe it?
I believe it.
Hey.
Your action figure looks nice.
Did I say you could touch my stuff?
Okay, okay.
Are you assaulting a police officer?
Assaulting a police officer is a felony.
How much is it?
I'll pay for it.
It's a limited edition.
You can't afford it.
Hey.
This matter
has nothing to do with the police.
Name a price,
or a condition.
I'll meet it if I can.
All of you, just...
It's all your fault.
Ah.
Why can't you keep your hands to yourself?
You said it yourself.
It has nothing to do with the police.
Let's go, Zhai.
Let's go.
This way.
Calm down.
I've been watching for a while.
Why do you keep dying in the beginner's village?
None of your business.
How about this.
I'll play for you.
One level
offsets 200.
How about that?
Sure.
Get me to
level 30 tonight.
Yeah.
Deal.
If you don't finish the task tonight,
I'll file a complaint with the police tomorrow morning.
Hey.
What level are you?
See for yourself.
Wow.
I really didn't expect you to be so good at gaming.
I'm impressed.
What's the use of looking impressive now?
I died several times last night.
That's normal.
Dying in a game is normal,
but in real life,
you and I
only have one life.
What do you mean?
Let's go.
Follow me.
Heal me.
Wait.
Madam.
Those two policemen left.
They left.
What are you holding?
Fruit.
Why bring such spoiled ones to Sir?
Sir said his food and drinks
We have to taste it first,
or we'll all get fired.
Acting like crazy every day.
Go ahead.
Need some vinegar.
Yeah.
Here.
Can't you pour it for me?
You have no sense at all.
You're still reading it?
If you keep reading,
you'll be able to memorize this script.
If I could memorize it,
I would be a director.
Then what do you think we should act out?
Hello, go ahead.
Captain Gu,
Xu Xing has been murdered.
Got it.
Yeah.
Xu Xing was murdered.
Ms. Wang.
Your husband is dead.
Don't you have anything to say to me?
Officer Gu,
what do you want me to say?
Who do you think
could have killed him?
If I knew,
would I need you to investigate?
Please find the killer as soon as possible
and give my family an answer.
Master.
I asked the nanny.
When she was bringing the cut fruit to the room,
Wang Min stopped her
and
scolded her.
The fruit should be fine.
I'm leaving.
Okay.
This boat ticket...
I booked it for you.
What do you mean?
It's a special situation now.
You... you go hide first.
Come back when things blow over.
No.
We killed him together.
You must come with me.
Otherwise, you'll be in danger.
You killed him.